I have to give you an A plus on that.
Well done, you may be seated now, please.
We'll get to enjoy now the final talk on our program,
Brother Mark Sanderson of the Governing Body.
We'll give this talk and appropriately his theme,
how will you strengthen your brothers?
Brother Sanderson.
Jehovah is the great strengthener and stabilizer of his people.
Even just by being present on this very, very happy occasion,
the graduation of the 140th class of the Watchtower Bible
School of Gilead, we feel Jehovah strengthening us.
We feel fortified just by our presence at this wonderful event.
But this truly is the will of God.
It is Jehovah's will that his people should be strengthened,
that they should be made strong in the faith.
And what a beautiful expression we read in Isaiah, chapter 40.
Here, Jehovah expresses this in such beautiful words.
Isaiah 40 and verse 28.
Do you not know?
Have you not heard?
Jehovah, the creator of the ends of the earth,
is a God for all eternity.
He never tires out or grows weary.
His understanding is unsearchable.
He gives power to the tired one.
And full might to those lacking strength.
Boys will tire out and grow weary.
And young men will stumble and fall.
But those hoping in Jehovah will regain power.
They will soar on wings like eagles.
They will run and not grow weary.
They will walk and not tire out.
Yes, Jehovah wants to strengthen his people.
And he has so many wonderful tools at his disposal
to accomplish that purpose.
But one of those wonderful tools,
one that he has used in such a mighty way,
is of course, the Watchtower Bible School of Gilead.
And back in 2011, you may know that the purpose of the Gilead
School was somewhat adjusted by the governing body.
So what is the purpose of the Gilead School today?
Well, here's what the governing body said.
The school is to provide intensive training
to experienced and well-qualified special full-time servants
who have already proven that they are mature Christians.
These individuals will be in a fine position
to stabilize and strengthen the field and branch organization
and to help their brothers to learn
and to adhere to scriptural and theocratic direction.
Well, that's why you students of the 140th class are here.
You're people just like that.
You are experienced and well-qualified special full-time servants.
And that is something your instructors have commented on
over and over again.
Well, we're delighted to see that.
But now, on this day, when now you're going to graduate,
how appropriate it is for us to pause for a moment
and think, how will you live up to the purpose of your coming
to Gilead, the purpose of your schooling?
In other words, how are you going to strengthen your brothers?
Well, now let's talk about several simple things
that you can do to strengthen your brothers
when you return to your assignment.
Now, here's the first we're going to discuss.
You want to teach obedience, both by word and by example.
Now, when we discuss obedience, our minds immediately turn to Jesus Christ.
In the insight volume, volume two, page 60,
under the subheading, his vital place in God's purpose.
Here's just a few comments that are made concerning Jesus.
It says, he was the central figure in the outworking
of all God's purposes, the focal point of all prophecies,
the solution to all problems Satan's rebellion raised.
He was the foundation upon which God
would build all future arrangements for the eternal good
of his universal family in heaven and in earth.
Wow, what a tremendous role was assigned to Jesus.
What a tremendous place he has.
But in spite of that, in spite of the fact
that Jesus had this tremendous privilege given to him by Jehovah,
Jesus fully relied on his father.
What did he say here in John chapter 12 and verse 49?
John chapter 12, verse 49, Jesus says,
for I have not spoken of my own initiative,
but the father who sent me himself has himself given me
a commandment about what to say and what to speak.
And I know that his commandment means everlasting life.
So whatever I speak, I speak just as the father has told me.
Isn't it amazing?
You know, in spite of the fact that Jesus had this huge place
in Jehovah's arrangement, he was never self-willed.
He never spoke of his own initiative,
but as he said, he fully relied on his father.
Well now, this was not just obedience in word.
This was not just obedience in what Jesus taught,
but this was obedience in everything that Jesus did
because at John chapter 8 and verse 29,
what did Jesus say?
I always do the things pleasing to my father.
Well now, even when Jesus had come to a place
where obedience meant that he was going to have to die
a very painful, agonizing death
that would bring humiliation before men,
we know Jesus did not waver for a moment.
His obedience was rock solid.
And in prayer in Matthew chapter 26,
what did Jesus say to his father?
These beautiful words, Matthew 26 in verse 42,
my father, if it is not possible for this to pass away
unless I drink it, let your will take place.
Yes, Jesus, even when facing such a difficult situation,
what was foremost in his mind being obedient,
fulfilling the will of his father?
Well now, why was Jesus so concerned
about obedience to his father?
Why was this such an issue for him?
Well, let's read what Jesus had said here in John chapter 14
because this really helps us to understand
what is behind this obedience of Christ.
John 1431, Jesus says, but for the world to know
that I love the father, I am doing just
as the father has commanded me to do.
Well, you see, Jesus' obedience was not something mechanical.
It was not a matter of just checking things off a list.
It wasn't something petty, but it was completely related
to his love for Jehovah.
And he wanted to demonstrate that love
by being completely obedient to everything
that Jehovah had asked of him.
But in demonstrating that obedience,
Jesus taught us something about our love for God
because in verse 21 here in this same chapter, John 14,
what did Jesus say?
Whoever has my commandments and observes them
is the one who loves me.
Then he said, in turn, whoever loves me
will be loved by my father.
And I will love him and will clearly show myself to him.
Well, obviously, you see, obedience
is so much more than just a simple act.
It's so completely tied in to our love for God,
to our love for Jehovah and even for his love for us.
Well, it's no wonder then that Jesus continuously
talked about obedience and even in his great commission
in Matthew, chapter 28, verses 19 and 20,
so often we just remember the basics of what Jesus said.
We think about go and make disciples
and we think about baptizing them
and we think about teaching them.
But what was it that we were to teach them?
Teach them to observe or to be obedient
to all the things I have commanded you.
Jesus knew that our obedience would lead to our being faithful
and having a loving, wonderful relationship with God
that would even lead to everlasting life.
And as the congregations in the first century applied this,
well, what was the result?
You see, in Acts chapter 16, what does the Bible tell us?
Acts 16 and verse four, as they traveled on through the cities,
they would deliver to them for observance,
the decrees that had been decided on by the apostles
and the elders who were in Jerusalem.
Then indeed, the congregations continued to be made firm
in the faith and to increase in number from day to day.
Well, you see, verse four, as they were traveling,
you noticed that expression.
They would not just deliver the decrees,
but it says they would deliver them for observance.
They would deliver them to be obeyed by the brothers.
They would help them to be obedient to those directives
and the result was spiritual prosperity.
The congregations were made firm in the faith
and they continued to grow from day to day.
Well, brothers, what's the lesson that you want to learn
about being obedient?
Well, the majority of you are presently serving
in branch offices and you're going to return
and serve in branch offices around this earth.
You're going to have an opportunity there
to teach your brothers the beautiful lesson of obedience,
but please don't go around giving lectures.
Don't go around teaching everyone,
telling them, you need to be obedient.
But by your example, show your love for Jehovah
by being obedient and your example,
even in being obedient in small things,
you can have such a powerful effect on others.
This point was just brought home to me
in a very unique way recently.
I was with some friends at this special convention
in Columbia and of course Monday and after the convention,
we were all very tired.
But yet we knew the right thing to do
was to go out in the ministry.
And so we went with a small congregation
and went in door-to-door service.
And as we were going from house to house,
something was happening behind us that I never even saw.
A brother and I were having a very nice conversation
with a woman, but behind us apparently a car
had pulled up with all tinted windows.
And the brothers were very worried
about what exactly this car was there for.
And so some of the brothers kind of got in between me
and the car.
And so when the man jumped out, they immediately asked him,
well, sir, what do you want?
What are you looking for?
And the man said, well, you know,
are you Jehovah's Witnesses?
And they said, yes, we are.
He said, well, you know, I used to study
with Jehovah's Witnesses, but I don't study anymore.
But I do watch JW Broadcasting.
Is that the man from JW Broadcasting?
Well, the brother said, yes, it is.
Well, the man says, you know, I cannot believe it.
I cannot believe that those men on JW Broadcasting
go from door to door.
And so he not only made a very nice donation
to the organization, but he also said that he would be present
for the district or the regional convention
that was to be held the next weekend.
Well, you know, we were tired.
We just did a simple thing.
We went out in the ministry.
We had no idea the effect it would have.
So you don't need to do anything that's amazing
or over the top.
You see, just doing simple acts of obedience
can teach our brothers so many wonderful things.
Help them to be obedient, help them to love Jehovah
and you will strengthen them.
Now, the second point I'd like to discuss with you
is use your training and your abilities to build up
and never to tear down.
Now, the Apostle Paul was a tremendous strengthener
of God's people.
And you notice the comment that he made
in 2 Corinthians chapter 10.
He makes this comment several times actually
in the book of 2 Corinthians, but in chapter 10 and verse 8,
he mentions about midway down the verse, this expression.
He says, the authority that the Lord gave us
to build you up and not to tear you down.
Well, Paul was conscious of this.
He wanted to use his words to build up and not tear down.
Well, now, why is this something
that you would want to consider right now before you go home?
Well, while at Gilead, you have been surrounded
by very mature, experienced men and women
who are mature Christians.
You've also had teaching from perhaps some of
the best teachers that we have here in the organization.
And you've been present in this marvelous,
Bethel complex of Patterson that is run
with such efficiency, just a wonder to behold.
But you see now, you've been set up
because now when you return home, oh my, how easy
it will be to make comparisons.
And if you're not careful, you could become a critic.
Now this is something that we all need to be concerned about
because in the world today, there is a very cynical,
critical spirit.
And we're not in any doubt as to who is behind this spirit.
We remember that Revelation chapter 12, verse 10,
describes Satan in what way?
It says that he is the accuser of our brothers
who accuses them day and night before our God.
Well, what a disrespectful, what a contemptuous,
scornful spirit the devil has.
Well, sadly, because his spirit is so prevalent in this earth,
people now today have come to think
that a kind of cynical, critical attitude is almost intelligent.
It's the sign of sophistication of being well educated.
Well, brothers, fight that spirit.
Fight against it.
That critical spirit originates with Satan
and not with Jehovah.
To build up something meaningful, something even beautiful,
takes time.
It takes effort.
It takes patience.
It takes hard work.
Not so with tearing down.
It's not difficult to destroy.
You can take a wrecking ball
and you can look at the most beautiful building
that took many decades and hard work
and much intelligence to construct in a few minutes.
You can knock it right down to the ground with nothing left.
Well, brothers, don't use your talents that way.
And if you ever feel tempted to let that wrecking ball swing,
stop it.
Stop it before it begins to swing
so that you'll never, ever use your talents,
your abilities, your training to destroy,
or tear down others.
In this regard, Job said something
that we can really learn from.
And this is where the New World translation really comes to life.
This revised edition, we just love reading it, don't we?
But the book of Job has just been opened up to us.
And here in Job chapter 16 and verse four,
notice what Job says.
He says to his comforters,
I could also speak as you do.
If you were in my place,
I could make persuasive speeches against you
and shake my head at you.
When I'll think about this for a minute,
you see, when you go back to your assignments,
many of the brothers and sisters you'll deal with,
of course, they haven't had the opportunity
to go to Gilead.
And many of them, they may be struggling with health problems,
they may be struggling to try to look after their families,
their children.
So they're not going to have all of the advantages
that you have had spiritually.
Well, how easy it would be if they traded places with you
for them to shake their head at you
and be critical, like Job says.
But what was the resolve that Job had made?
You see here in verse five, he says,
instead though, I would strengthen you
with the words of my mouth
and the consolation of my lips would bring relief.
What a beautiful expression.
Well, when you go home, you're going to see
so many who can benefit from your love.
Resist the temptation to criticize them.
Resist the temptation to let that wrecking ball swing at them.
But instead, use your training, use your abilities,
use your talents to build up and strengthen your brothers,
and as you do, you'll have a powerful effect on them
and they will feel strengthened.
You know, when I was especially pioneering
in Newfoundland on the island in Canada,
we were in an assignment that was very, very isolated.
And in order to get some strength,
we would always arrange our schedule
so that on our work day, we would go to the next town
where our nearest congregation was almost two hours away.
And there, there was a special pioneer couple
who had been special pioneering for decades.
And we would go there and just have an inner change
of encouragement with them.
And the spiritual conversation, their experiences,
the thoughts they had learned from their personal study,
you know, it was just as though we were getting a shot
in the arm and by the time we left,
we felt strengthened and upbuilt.
Well, you see, the organization, Jehovah's organization,
has given you this training, this wonderful gift.
Use it in that way.
Use it to build up and strengthen the brothers
wherever you go.
And finally, be firmly rooted in Christ Jesus.
You won't remember every lecture that you heard
while you were at Gilead.
You won't remember every thought
that was discussed in every lesson.
You probably won't remember this talk.
But if Christ's example and his teachings
have been deeply embedded into your mind and into your heart,
then just like the roots of a plant, nourish and stabilize it,
well, Christ's example and his teachings will nourish
and stabilize you.
And his example and his ministry will teach you
what you need to do to strengthen your brothers.
And whenever you're at a loss and you're trying to figure out
what could I say?
What could I do to help?
You'll go back to those roots of Christ Jesus
and he will teach you.
And you will know exactly what to do.
It's just as Paul said in Colossians chapter two,
in Colossians chapter two in verse six.
He said, therefore, just as you have accepted
Christ Jesus the Lord, go on walking in union with Him,
being rooted and built up in Him and being stabilized
in the faith just as you were taught at Gilead.
No, sorry, just as you were taught
and overflowing with thanksgiving.
Well, remember, it is the will of Jehovah
that his people should be strengthened.
And Jehovah is allowing you to have the privilege
to help him, to strengthen his people.
How are you going to do it?
Teach obedience by word and by example.
Avoid the tendency to become a critic.
Use your training and abilities to build up
and not to tear down and be firmly rooted in Christ Jesus.
His example will always show you the way
to strengthen and stabilize your brothers.
We truly love each and every one of you.
Major Jehovah, go with you, may he richly bless you
as you work hard to strengthen your brothers.
Well, that taught definitely strengthen us
and gave us some practical ways we can strengthen others.
Thank you very much, brother Sanderson.
Well, at this time, we're going to share with you
some greetings.
And because of time, we're going to just read one sentence
from each one of these beautiful greetings
that we've received.
So first, we have Angola.
We wish that the graduates continue experiencing
Jehovah's richest blessings in their assignments
while they humbly serve others
and reflect even better God's wonderful qualities
in their lives.
Argentina, we're very happy to send our love and greetings
to the 140th class of Gilead and the United States Bethel family.
Bolivia, we are delighted to see the continued advancement
of the Kingdom Good News and more brothers
and sisters receiving further training
in order to shoulder weightier responsibilities
in the organization, Burundi.
Your brothers extend to you, your family and guests,
warmest Christian greetings from Burundi, the heart of Africa,
Canada.
We rejoice with you on your graduation day
convinced that you yourselves are full of goodness
and will make Jehovah's heart rejoice
by living and sharing what you have learned.
Central Europe, you dear graduates
will prove to be a sweet fragrance of Christ
and may you fill the realm of your assignment
with this wonderful fragrance of truth leading
to everlasting life, second Corinthians 2, 14 through 17.
Check Slovak, please be so kind and deliver our greetings
and deep love on the graduation program
of the 140th class of Gilead, Dominican Republic.
The Dominican Republic branch family
sends its warmest love and greetings
to the three graduating students from our branch
and the entire class, glad they added that,
and all assembled on this joyous day
at the completion of your course.
France, we wish to send you the very warm love
from the France Bethel family
as you're about to receive your diplomas
along with your service assignments.
Ghana, as you depart from your Gilead training,
our sentiments toward you are similar to those expressed
by Jesus when he prayed in behalf of his apostles
that your faith may not give out
and that you will strengthen your brothers.
That sounds familiar, doesn't it?
Strengthen your brothers.
Héti, we extend all present today
who are rejoicing in being molded
and taught by our great potter
and grand instructor Jehovah,
our warmest greetings from Héti.
Japan, we pray that Jehovah's rich blessing
will be upon each one of you as you leave for your assignment
and that you may have many joyful and productive days.
Kazakhstan, we wish to convey our love
and warm Christian greetings
to the 140th class of Gilead on their very special day.
Korea, we along with 500 brothers in prison in Korea
for keeping Christian neutrality
pray that Jehovah richly bless you graduates.
Liberia, may Jehovah continue blessing
our worldwide search for his precious sheep
and may this special occasion begin a new day
for the 140th class of Gilead as they continue their search
with even greater zeal.
Macedonia, our hearts go out to you students
and our feelings for you are well described in Colossians 1.9
where it says, we pray for you,
asking that you may be filled with the accurate knowledge
of his will in all wisdom and spiritual comprehension.
Micronesia, we are sure that your training has helped you
to have a tongue of those taught
and are even more qualified to answer the tired one
with the right word, Isaiah 54.
Mozambique, Gilead graduates have been sent
to Mozambique since 1991, but now for the first time
we had the privilege to send three brothers
from Mozambique to this class.
Philippines, the Philippines branch rejoices with you
as you pass this Theocratic milestone
and your life of service to him, Romania.
While we wait for Jehovah to reveal his purpose,
we are determined to walk with you in the spiritual light
that he is abundantly pouring upon us.
And one more, Russia, we are certain that you will enjoy
richly, Jehovah's blessing and your assignments
and be a source of strength and encouragement
in your congregations and territories.
Well, we're happy to receive those greetings.
But now we're gonna get a look at the entire 140th class
of Gilead, and you know one thing I've noticed,
and if you look closely, you'll probably notice it too,
that these 48 students look a lot smarter
than they did five months ago.
But now to give you an overview, here are a few statistics
regarding this handsome class that you're looking at.
We have 48 students, and among them, 16 married couples,
12 single brothers, four single sisters.
They come from 29 countries,
and they're being assigned to 28 different countries.
So these well-trained soon-to-be graduates
are gonna be dispersed to the ends of the earth.
The average age 42 and a half, how I'd like to be 42 again.
Their average year's in the truth, 25.2.
Their average year's in full-time service, 20.3.
So they're relatively young, but they're quite experienced.
Really, they've spent 80% of their time in the truth
in the full-time service, 20 of their 25 years in the truth,
20 years in full-time service,
and I'm sure Brother Stovall will appreciate that statistic.
On our table, you can see we have some envelopes,
and these are not just ordinary envelopes.
They contain your precious diplomas.
There's also a class photo in there,
and there's a letter of encouragement
from the teaching committee.
So at this point, we're gonna ask you to come up
and get your envelopes,
but Brother Ron Kursin, a helper to the teaching committee,
is gonna help me.
Now, he's got the hard part.
So he's gonna pronounce all of the names properly.
He's gonna get it right.
And he's gonna mention where you're assigned.
And really, all I have to do is hand the envelopes
to them, shake their hands, and wish them Jehovah's blessing.
Life is good.
But one by one, we'll have our single ones come,
and a couple by couple in the case of couples.
So please, Brother Kursin, help me out.
Let us begin.
Well, first we have Sister By,
we'll be returning to Fiji.
Brother and Sister Barclay will be returning to Liberia.
Sister Chitrakar will serve in Nepal.
Brother Christensen will serve in Dominican Republic.
Brother Kulig will serve in the Philippines.
Brother Diaga will serve in Mozambique.
Brother Dergoody will serve in Albania.
Brother and Sister Diapoma will serve in Romania.
Brother and Sister Chakayev will return to Kirkakstan.
Brother and Sister Grunman will serve in Germany.
Brother Jesse will serve in Ghana.
Brother and Sister Hachryan will serve in Finland.
Brother and Sister Hegs will serve in Canada.
Brother and Sister Ursh will return to the Netherlands.
Brother Iliewski will serve in Macedonia.
Brother Kubala will serve in Poland.
Brother and Sister Luwelyn will serve in Britain.
Brother and Sister Minakmetov will serve in Russia.
Brother and Sister Nigro will return to Argentina.
Brother and Sister Nushkira will serve in Japan.
Brother and Sister Nahumvokia will serve in Burundi.
Brother Peterson will serve in Denmark.
Brother Pyutnikoski will serve in Russia.
Brother and Sister Santiago will serve in Dominican Republic.
Brother Simon will serve in Indonesia.
Sister Shrechkowicz will serve in Serbia.
And Brother Stewart will serve in Papua New Guinea.
Brother and Sister Desheda will serve in Mozambique.
And last brother and sister Tibedo will serve in Indonesia.
That's the easiest time I've ever done that.
But it was really a pleasure to be able to give these special envelopes to these.
We're going to call them now graduates.
They no longer students.
They've got their diplomas in their hands and their gillied graduates.
And the governing body is so happy to be able to give these students, they worked hard
and they've reached this theocratic milestone in their theocratic career.
But now at this point, we're going to ask Brother Tony Tibedo to represent the class
by reading the class letter.
And really this will be Brother Tibedo's first assignment as a gillied graduate.
So Brother Tibedo, please let us hear this letter that you've written.
Dear members of the governing body and the Bethel family, Psalm 145, seven states, they
will bubble over as they recall your abundant goodness and they will shout joyfully because
of your righteousness.
Five months of gillied school has filled us with many reasons to thank Jehovah for his
goodness.
The in-depth study of the Bible has touched our hearts, making us more determined to
shout joyfully about our God, Jehovah.
Having fellow students from all parts of the earth with a great variety of cultures, languages
and backgrounds provided further reasons to thank Jehovah.
The school has allowed us to observe firsthand how you dear brothers of the governing body
show genuine humility, heartfelt devotion to Jehovah and a willingness to give of yourselves
in behalf of the worldwide work.
We want to thank each of you for taking time to personally visit us in our classroom.
You instilled in us the importance of seeking God's direction and doing His will in all aspects
of our lives.
We are truly grateful for this opportunity.
During our time here, you precious brothers and sisters of the Bethel family have faced
considerable adjustments to your routine, your assignments and your work locations.
Change can be intimidating, yet you handle these adjustments as spiritually mature people,
fully supporting the direction given.
This has made a deep impression on us and strengthening our confidence in theocratic
order.
Our love for you has truly grown.
Despite these challenges, you still took time to show an active interest in us by your
warm welcome, your loving support and your encouraging words.
You have truly been gracious hosts.
Some forty verse five highlights that Jehovah's wonderful works and his thoughts toward
us would be too numerous to recount.
The material we covered in our preparation at night, you dear instructors helped us to
uncover in the classroom the next day.
You're in sight and your enthusiasm for the material was evident in the way you directed
our attention to Jehovah, His qualities and His Word.
By drawing us out, you took us out of our comfort zone and helped us to make personal
application in our thinking and our attitude.
Since we only scratched the surface, we look forward to discovering more of Jehovah's
wonderful works in the days to come by taking the time to meditate on each verse we read.
Gilead has highlighted that all of us have a place in Jehovah's organization.
Our role is to now humbly serve in that place, giving whole-hearted support to Jehovah
and His organization.
Five months have passed quickly and shortly it will be time to do what Jesus told his disciples
at Matthew 2646.
Get up, let us go.
Jesus was determined to move forward, maintaining His integrity, whatever challenges He awaited
Him.
We too are determined to apply the many lessons we have learned from all of you and most importantly
to imitate more fully the examples of Jehovah and Jesus.
Now more than ever, our resolve is to do as stated at Psalm 10433.
We will sing to Jehovah throughout our lives.
We will sing praises to our God as long as we live.
Our brothers and sisters, the 140th class of Gilead.
Well, that was a beautiful letter and you say you enjoyed being with us for five months.
We have to say it was mutual.
We truly enjoyed having all of you with us for these five months and we truly prayed
Jehovah's blessing on each and every one of you.
But now in conclusion, I have five more minutes, according to our schedule, even though we're
over time to speak just a little bit more to you graduates.
Now I would like to talk about what we mentioned in the beginning.
We mentioned three precious expressions that we encourage you to use generously.
Well we'd like to add one more, one more precious expression and it is Jehovah loves you.
We encourage you to generously use that expression toward others.
Now think about it because of their experiences in life, many of our brothers have a hard
time really understanding and truly appreciating how much Jehovah loves them.
I mean, if you think about it, some even have a hard time thinking of a father in a loving
way because of perhaps painful memories of their father treating them badly.
Our three great enemies, Satan, this unloving world around us and our imperfect flesh
make it a challenge at times for us to be assured of Jehovah's love for us.
It's so easy to believe Satan's lies that were unloved and perhaps even unlovable.
So our brothers, each and every one of them and each and every one of us, we need that
reassurance, don't we?
That Jehovah loves us, see.
And those words are powerful in countering Satan's efforts to convince us otherwise.
Think of the experience was in the watchtower, a life story of a brother named George Warren
Chuck.
That was interesting.
He was just a young boy, he explains, 13 years old, and he was expelled from school because
he wouldn't salute the flag.
But he was happy because he kept his integrity.
In fact, he couldn't wait to tell his congregation book study conductor about his integrity.
His congregation book study conductor was a big pioneer brother named Ben.
Now George describes what happened.
Here's what he said.
He said, when I saw him, Ben, in the kingdom hall, I shouted, I'm expelled from school.
But I did not salute the flag.
Then put his arm around me, smiled and said, for sure, Jehovah loves you.
How those words motivated me?
And then George describes how just a short time later he was baptized.
So they had a powerful effect on this young man.
There's another experience, it was very interesting.
In the 2003 yearbook, a report from the Marshall Islands, it was about a missionary sister
who was assigned or asked to study with an inactive sister to try to help her make some spiritual
progress.
But she wasn't really getting anywhere with this inactive sister.
So the yearbook explains that she asked this inactive sister, how do you feel when others
tell you that they love you?
Not getting a response for a moment, finally Puzzle, she replied, no one has ever told me
that.
The missionary sister then leaned over, hugged her and said, I love you.
And Jehovah loves you even more.
Well, the yearbook explains that that inactive sister began to cry.
Her attitude towards Jehovah was completely changed.
She began to make spiritual progress.
Reading the Bible daily, attending the meetings, she even began to auxiliary pioneer and
later became a regular pioneer.
And the yearbook explains that since then, she's been conducting many Bible studies, helping
many people.
And you can be sure she uses those words.
Jehovah loves you with her Bible students.
So please generously use those words to reassure our brothers.
In fact, now we have four precious expressions, don't we?
Well done.
I'm sorry.
I love you.
And Jehovah loves you.
We encourage you to generously use those in your assignments.
And if you do, you're assured of Jehovah's promise at Proverbs 11, verse 25, Jehovah assures
the generous person will prosper.
And whoever refreshes others will himself be refreshed.
May Jehovah make each one of you spiritually prosper.
May he refresh you, as you refresh others, and generously using those expressions.
Use them in your assignments wherever you go.
We're very happy to report that here at Patterson, we had 3,609 in attendance.
All our satellite locations combine the attendance 9,988.
So that gives us a grand total attendance of 13,597 for this joyous occasion.
Well, we've had a wonderful time, but now let's stand and sing a song.
And then we'll thank Jehovah for this program.
But we get to sing another one of the beautiful new songs we have.
We are enjoying so much.
This one is song number 144.
It means their life.
And then after that song, Brother Patrick LaFranca, who serves as a helper to the personnel
committee, will lead us in our closing prayer.
So that song number 144, it means their life.